One worship to the Lord of King's Landing, the iron horse and the golden sword
Smash the Crown Army
Second worship of King's Landing Hou Wuwei's battle
Kunpeng wing cover Kyushu
Three Worships to the Lord's Landing
Mo Wen Qiancheng
No one in the world knows the king
From Now On
There is no more king in the world
Just a nobody
Xiao Jun
And me, nobody.
Qi Tian
Qi Tian, this is Brother Xiao
I have carried too much for you in the past three years
This robe
I don't want to wear it for a long time
So many brothers messing around
What I value most is your cultivation along the way
Just so that you can succeed smoothly in the future
Now you are the deputy commander of Zhenbei Army
After today
You can justifiably succeed me on the throne
You have to follow me to unload and return to the field now
Absolutely not.
Lord Ji, you must not return it.
You are the backer of our Chu family
And you promised me
You have to help me teach this Xiao Junlin a lesson
Did you forget?
Zhu Yuanzhang, don't you want to live?
Xiao Junlin is my eldest brother
You go to Xu Chu's house
Dare to touch a hair on my big brother
I will destroy you all over the door